Mention how to target unregistered biomes (#189)
neoforged/Documentation: docs/worldgen/biomemodifier.md

}
```

## Targeting Biomes That May Not Exist

There may be times when a biome modifier needs to target a biome that is not always present in the game. If a biome modifier targets the unregistered biome directly, it will crash on world loading. The way to work around this is to create a biome tag and add the target biome as an optional tag entry by setting required to false for the entry. An example is below:

```json5
{
  "replace": false,
  "values": [
    {
      "id": "minecraft:pale_garden",
      "required": false
    }
  ]
}

> ```

Reviewer: I would also provide a method for how to datagen this using a `TagsProvider`

Author: I don’t know how to datagen. Would you be able to add a commit to this PR of what that should look like?

Reviewer: ```java
// In a TagsProvider<Biome> subclass
// Assume we have some example TagKey<Biome> OPTIONAL_BIOMES_TAG
@Override
protected void addTags(HolderLookup.Provider registries) {
    this.tag(OPTIONAL_BIOMES_TAG)
        // Must be a ResourceLocation representing the registry object
        .addOptional(WinterDropBiomes.PALE_GARDEN.location());
}
```

Should be something like that.

> Using that biome tag for a biome modifier will now not crash if the biome is not registered. A use case for this is the Pale Garden biome in 1.21.3. That biome is only created when you turn on the Winter Drop datapack in-game. Otherwise, the biome does not exist in the biome registry at all. Another use case can be to target modded biomes while still functioning when the other mods not present.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using that biome tag for a biome modifier will now not crash if the biome is not registered. A use case for this is the Pale Garden biome in 1.21.3. That biome is only created when you turn on the Winter Drop datapack in-game. Otherwise, the biome does not exist in the biome registry at all. Another use case can be to target modded biomes while still functioning when the mods adding these biomes are not present.
```
